com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips2/Tips2ViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips2.Tips2ViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/report/ReportFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.report.ReportFragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/report/ReportViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.report.ReportViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/help/HelpFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.help.HelpFragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MainActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/transport_info/TransportInformationFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.transport_info.TransportInformationFragment
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.transport_info.TransportInformationFragment$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips3/Tips3ViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips3.Tips3ViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/about/AboutFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.about.AboutFragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/about/AboutViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.about.AboutViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/model/ReportFeedback.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.model.ReportFeedback
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips1/Tips1ViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips1.Tips1ViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ForgetPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ForgetPasswordActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ForgetPasswordActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ForgetPasswordActivity$2
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/transport_info/TransportInformationViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.transport_info.TransportInformationViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/NewsAndUpdateActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.NewsAndUpdateActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.NewsAndUpdateActivity$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.BuildConfig
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.profile.ProfileFragment
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips0/Tips0ViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips0.Tips0ViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/adapter/Holder.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.adapter.Holder
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/TransportInfoDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TransportInfoDetailsActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TransportInfoDetailsActivity$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/adapter/CustomList.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.adapter.CustomList
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/TipsActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TipsActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TipsActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TipsActivity$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.TipsActivity$3
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/SignupActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SignupActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SignupActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SignupActivity$1$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SignupActivity$2
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/model/StudentInformation.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.model.StudentInformation
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/help/HelpViewModel.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.help.HelpViewModel
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips1/Tips1Fragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips1.Tips1Fragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips3/Tips3Fragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips3.Tips3Fragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivity$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivity$3
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips0/Tips0Fragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips0.Tips0Fragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ui/tipsActivity/tips2/Tips2Fragment.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ui.tipsActivity.tips2.Tips2Fragment
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/services/BuildNotificationService.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.services.BuildNotificationService
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/SigninActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity$3
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity$4
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SigninActivity$5
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/DeleteAccountActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.DeleteAccountActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.DeleteAccountActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.DeleteAccountActivity$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.DeleteAccountActivity$3
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ChangePasswordActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ChangePasswordActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ChangePasswordActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ChangePasswordActivity$2
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.SettingsActivity
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/MapsActivityAllVehicle.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivityAllVehicle
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivityAllVehicle$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivityAllVehicle$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.MapsActivityAllVehicle$3
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/ProfileUpdateActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ProfileUpdateActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.ProfileUpdateActivity$1
com/example/bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp/AppMainActivity.java
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.AppMainActivity
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.AppMainActivity$1
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.AppMainActivity$2
 com.example.bgctub_transport_tracker_studentapp.AppMainActivity$3
